sorry you similar to the characters you
play in the movie maybe a little bit
yeah I think that's all coming from
playing these jokers and you know these
outgoing blokes when we are learning who
we are as people ourselves in that time
of our lives on my 14 you're learning
who you are as a person
and then suddenly being told now you
guys do like this it's gonna seep in
somewhere new so um he said that you
like playing jokes on Arthur's and green
prints what kind of cracks you prey on
other ones that we can legally say is
the question I think that there's we've
we have done quite a few naughty ones in
fact just the other day we though they
didn't arrive in time but a friend of
mine Anthony we've got this prank war
going on like we've been going on for
ages he was actually actually worked on
the crew on the movie she said okay I
can't say that ones are is there a one
that you can say yeah there are a few
like when we were we drove around Europe
in two cars last year and a friend of
mine brought with a mystical evil
whistle for the exhaust so on James's
car when he was driving we put this
whistle on the back of the exhaust and
for about 150 miles or EKU's I thought
my car was gonna blow up see what this
city is doing this is really strange so
um if you could go back to the beginning
of the movies and then you can play any
characters you would like to so which
one would that be I think I'd still
Fred and George to be honest
just because they've been so good phone
to be able to play I mean theythey and
in every film they've always got some
some cool things to say or do which
which is being really good I think I'd
like to have played if not Fred or
George there may be someone like Dobby
something easy to a random little guy I
mean still very very funny
you hate doing duplicity no it's
actually one of our favorite parts we
get to travel the world so much and we
were able to learn more coming to a
place in you never do about the textbook
about it
so I think in the last couple of weeks
we've been in over 10 countries it's
it's short space time she's great and
it's amazing meet up to share this this
fantastic feeling with partner with with
people all over the globe but we get
spoiled rotten as well when we do it
like we were in Madrid and we got to
kick the football around on Real
Madrid's pitch and then when we were in
Rome like I've got a special toward the
coliseum and like last night in Hong
Kong well we went to these really
exclusive restaurants so we're very very
lucky to do to do these kind of things
and then it's quite interesting when we
do that the press like the junkets and
the different interest from the
different territories so always the most
Prasad or interesting place you have
thank you
they've all been really interesting to
be fair I mean they've been we've been
all over from like Istanbul Taipei
obviously now Hong Kong Madrid well all
over really so they think they would
they'll have there they're all
individual qualities so how do you
overcome Jet Li you have been traveling
all over in such a short time yeah yes
yesterday I was trying my hardest to
stay all day we landed at about 8 a.m.
so I tried to stay up as long as I could
but I did find myself at dinner I was
kind of half eating I wasn't but then I
then we went out and around the markets
and I do enjoy a bit of haggling it's
kind of like a good fun game to play
I was really awake after then so maybe
haggling Marcos toolkit you beat yet
like what do you get we just like I just
wanted to do some gifts and friends
really just like okay Hong Kong t-shirt
kind of thing like that so it's a just
quick little things so you mentioned you
happen to your over so you happen to
now where's your impression it's it's
all I mean the food especially is the
main is that it's one of the biggest
differences from what we have but it's
it's all really all really good off at
one final D finest and the people are
very very excitable though they're
always really like yesterday the airport
there people really ready to meet us
there and they were all very much hi
here which is which is amazing we
consume they've been a pain I've been
waiting there for a couple of hours so
um do you do you ever get sick of each
other yeah there is actually again when
I see we're actually in different
countries at the moment this is all put
together on CGI but no we're on we're
brothers so we'd I mean we do fall out
occasionally but not not enough to not
like hanging out with each other but
wait I mean we will we don't hang out
all the time when we're back home so we
have that good yeah um so do you think
what's your future plans well we're
definitely going to keep in keeping
acting I think because we've been on
this thing what it's been so big in our
lives I don't this be a springboard
around bolt on to the next thing then
being part of a Harry Potter so it's
going to be certainly something I want
to continue doing is stick with acting